I was the youngest of a family of three.
We lived in a little bit of town in Louisiana.
It was predominantly Catholic.
In the Catholic Church, the way that we were taught to pray
was a set of repetitive prayers.
Really, it was easy to pray like that,
because you really didn't have to think
once you had those prayers memorized,
which was at a very early age.
It was just a rote around the time
that I was just about out of college going into law school.
There was something missing.
I wanted to be close to God, but I didn't know how.
I met Sharon in 1986,
and we ended up getting married the following year.
Sharon and I, because she had been divorced,
we were not allowed to have our marriage
be conducted in the Catholic Church with a priest.
And that that didn't bother me at first,
but over time it did.
I asked them what it would take for us
to be able to bless our marriage.
She would have to undergo a period of sessions
of religious training.
When he asked me that, I said,
yeah, I'll study with him.
We never, ever opened up a body.
It was a little disappointing.
Around that same time,
there was a cellist sister.
I would study with her and was all by me.
As I continued learning about the Bible,
the reasoning from the Scriptures was so great.
It was something that I knew I wasn't going to be able
to brush off.
So she came forward and said,
I have something to tell you.
I have been studying with the Jehovah's Witnesses
for a period of time.
I am convinced that this is the true religion
and I do not want to participate anymore
in the Catholic faith, the Catholic Church.
What made me to tell Mike about my Bible study
was Genesis 6.
It matters what we do,
how we can affect Jehovah
and he can feel hurt in his heart
and it crushed me.
It crushed me because
it up the love that he has for us.
I consider it to be the dark years
because there was so much animosity on my part.
He was trying to do anything he could to get me to stop.
I even talked about divorce,
thinking that the shock and awe treatment
might bring it to her senses.
He would actually pack up a suitcase and leave.
She, in fact, was becoming a better wife and a better mother.
The sister, my teacher, she'd say,
this is good that he is being so jealous about his faith
because he loves God.
Like Paul, you know,
he thought that was the right thing to do.
I was trained as a lawyer.
I get a case.
I usually know nothing about it.
I do an investigation.
I retain experts to help me understand what I don't understand.
So naturally,
I'm going to go to my church.
I'm going to go to my religious leaders,
my spiritual leaders and get them to help me with this.
I made an appointment with a very, very high ranking priest.
I told him that my wife was studying
with the Jehovah's Witnesses
and I was seeking some help.
And the first thing that he told me,
and I'll never forget this,
he looked straight at me
and said it would take nothing short of a miracle
for me to pull my wife away from the Jehovah's Witnesses.
Because they knew the Bible so well.
In my life at that point
where I'm struggling,
I'm trying to win over my family,
that was a devastating day.
So I said, Michael,
the Bible,
the book from God,
you don't know.
Why not study it?
Why not study that?
Like you study the law books
or the cases?
I decided that I would go with her
on Sunday, on Sunday only,
and only for the first half hour.
I'd say it was at least a year
that I went to meetings
with the aim of learning
and refuting it.
Go for now.
You see how that relates to the question?
You read that the earth will stay forever,
that there is no Trinity.
There is a name for God the Father
and there is no hellfire.
There is no percutory.
These things were refreshing.
I was totally convinced.
By October, 1996,
I wrote my letter to the same priest
who thought it was going to be a miracle
for me to get my wife out
and inform him that I was withdrawing
from the Catholic faith.
A large part of the transition
that I made was because of the friends
and the congregation.
I was not a person that you'd want to approach.
But then when I decided to make the change
and he was fast,
these people never treated me any differently.
Their arms were always open.
Jesus tells us that no one can come to the Father
unless Jehovah draws that person.
What he saw, I don't know.
I oftentimes pray to him
and I don't know what to say,
but I'm deeply appreciative
of what he's done for me.